1. Typine in "man man" shows the flags for specific options. We can see that
"man -k" will print the commands that have that specific word on their man page

2. The programs cp and wc are located in the /usr/local/cs/bin directory.

3. After going to the /usr/bin directory, type in "ls -al ?," which prints out
all of the contents in the bin directory with their permissions.  There are
three executable programs with one character long names. w shows who is logged
on and what they are doing.  X is a portable, network-transparent window 
system. [ is also listed, but there is nothing listed when using "man [."

4. Going to the /usr/bin directory, type in "ls -l emacs," which prints out the
link emacs is pointing to, which is /etc/alternative/emacs.

5. According to the chmod page, which can be found by typing man chmod, (g) 
specifies other users in the file's group, (+) causes the selected file mode
bits to be added to the existing file mode bits of each file, and (s) sets
user or group ID on execution.  So chmod g+s allows the file's group to set 
the group ID on execution.  Then, chmod o-x removes the capability for
users outside the file group to execute the file.

6. Typing in man find and going to the tests section of the page, the option 
is -mtime 21.

7. Using find / -mtime 21, there are more than 5000 files that have been
edited in the last three weeks.

8. Going to the /usr/bin directory, where find is located, type in 
"find -type l | wc -l," which shows that there are 354 symbolic links.

9. Going to the /usr/lib directory, typing in "ls -lt" will print out a 
list of programs with their permissions and dates modified.  According 
to the list, the oldest regular file is libICE.so.6.3.0, which was at 
the bottom of the list. 

10. After typing in "man locale," it says that locale grabs data
from LC_*environment variables.

11. Typing in "C-h a sort," we can see a list printed out with commands
with the word sort in it.  There are 18 commands: buffer-menu-sort, 
buffer-menu-sort-by-column, ibuffer-invert-sorting,ibuffer-toggle-sorting-mode,
rmail-sort-by-author, rmail-sort-by-correspondent, rmail-sort-by-date,
rmail-sort-by-labels, rmail-sort-by-lines, rmail-sort-by-recipient,
rmail-sort-by-subject, sort-columns, sort-fields, sort-lines,
sort-numeric-fields, sort-pages, sort-paragraphs, sort-regexp-fields.

12. After typing in "emacs," I was brought to the editor.
Then, I inputed "C-h k" which allows me to input the keys to see what each do.
"C-M-a" runs the command beginning-of-defun, which brings you to the beginning 
of the function.
"C-M-b" runs the command backward-sexp, which moves the cursor backwards.
"C-M-c" runs the command exit-recursive-edit, which exits the most 
inner recursive edit.
"C-M-d" runs the command down-list, which moves down one set of parentheses.
"C-M-e" runs the command end-of-defun, which moves the cursor to the 
end of a function.
"C-M-f" runs the command forward-sexp, which moves the cursor forward.
"C-M-g" runs the command keyboard-quit, which causes a quit in a script.
"C-M-h" runs the command mark-defun, which places a mark at the end 
of a function.

13. Using the "C-h ? k" command in Emacs, "C-g" is the same as "C-M-g," which
causes a quit directly during execution of Lisp code.

14. Using the "C-h ? f" command in Emacs, the "yank" command will reinsert
the most recently killed text

15. The "dired" command in Emacs lists all files in the directory, including
hidden files, whilc "ls -l" does not list the hidden files.
