To start out this part of the project, I first had to create a new branch by
using the command "git checkout -b quote" which creates a new branch called
"quote" which afterwards, I used the command "git checkout v3.0" to checkout
the 3.0 version.  Next, I used the command "patch -p1 < quote-3.0-patch.txt"
in order to apply the patch.  For some reason, I kept running into the problem
of "reversing" patches.  To remedy this, I downloaded a new diffutils
directory into a new directory called "githomework" and applied the "patch"
command to it, which seemed to remedy the situation.

After reading about the "add-change-log-entry-other-window" (C-x 4 a) and its
documentation, I used the following commands to create and edit a "ChangeLog"
file:
          emacs src/(file)
          C-x 4 a

With each file, I gave a brief description of the changes made.  To make sure
I was at the right branch, I used the command "git branch" which showed that I
was not on any branch at all.  I tried changing to my "quote" branch, but kept
getting rejection errors.  To get around this, I created a new branch called
"quote1" to continue.

To continue with the homework, I ran the following commands:
          git add . (adds the current directory for staging)
          git commit --f ChangeLog (commit the changes using the ChangeLog
              entry as the commit message)

Now, to create the new patch I used the command:
"git format-patch -1 --stdout > formatted-patch.txt"

My partner for this lab was Haoqing Dong (304622150) who tested whether or not
my patch actually worked.  According to him, after he built it, he reported
to me that it works. To continue, I ran the command "make distdir" which
created a new directory called "diffutils-3.0.1-04ec" which held the ChangeLog
file.  Looking into it using emacs, I saw that the commit was made.

To finish off the lab, I created a new directory (mkdir githomework1)
so nothing I would do at this point would interfere with any of my files.  I
cloned the repository by using the command "git clone ~eggert/src/gnu/emacs"
which created a new directory called "emacs" and I ran into some issues using
the "gitk" command.  After looking on Piazza, I had to install Xming and
change some settings of my "ssh" session.  I also had to change my path to
"export PATH=/usr/local/cs/bin:$PATH" so I could run the "gitk" command.
Once I did, a window in Xming popped up.  The description and the photo
of the window will be attached in separate files.